UDP simple protocol for sending messages:
-----------------------------------------
We will use the UDP connection in a similar way to a tty connection, except that the packet boundary is included
as an out-of-band token.  As well, we don't send individual bytes one at time, rather in packets.

Mnmonics:
----------
The basic model is based on the notion that we would like to read and write parameters between two or more nodes.
Thus we choose mnemonic commands to reflect a parameter.  Foe example, the "ID" mnemonic is a single '?' character.
If we want to read this parameter from the target node, then we issue the request "?" (without anything after this)
	?			// the request command
	?DeviceID;	// the response
If we want to write this parameter in the target node, then we follow the request mnemonic with the desired value.
	?NewID		// the write-new-value command
	?NewID;		// the response
Note the change request is also the reply to the request only if the request was accepted.
The reply can be used as handshaking, and to verify the setting was accepted.

Parameter types:
----------------
Generally, we don't restrict parameter types, although there are a few common ones:

	Numeric: human readable fixed or float
	ASCII Hexadecimal: used for indexing frame positions.  Can use upper or lower case alpha characters
	Text: any ASCII or UTF8 text.  If '"' or ';' or [TAB] is part of the text, then it must be quoted
	Binary: the rest of the packet is valid data, and the packet must be handled by using the 'UDPRaw() handler
	Vector: vector data can be sent as binary files, and is only delimited by the end of packet;
			or, sent as a custom delimited list, specific to the command
		--> there are helper functions for sending files, and receiving into buffers

Statelessness:
--------------
The inclusion of the command in the response serves to maintain statelessness of the node, as UDP is in general
unreliable, thus we cannot rely on context to determine the association between request and reply.  We can use
the tag command "#" to further ensure ambiguity is minimized, and / or carry state information.

Command delimitation:
---------------------
We use the packet boundary as a basic delimiter.  This is analogous to pressing "ENTER" using a TTY setup.
Note that we only send commands and responses as complete packets rather than individual key presses.
In order to save network transactions, we may send multiple requests in a single packet by delimiting with a semicolon.
The node should process each command in order, and generate a single packet reply in the same order (except for file
transfers).
Using the above example:

	?;?					// request
	?NewID;?NewID;		// reply
	
In this example, the request is executed twice, thus generates two replies, both concatenated in the reply packet.
Note the node optionally applies a delimiter at the end of the reply even if the request omitted it.

Common basic node command mnemonics:
------------------------------------
	?	- Request node ID
	'	- Request epoch time in milliseconds - granularity depends on host
	#	- tag a packet to ensure request - reply coherence (optional)*
	@ :	- request the fragmented reply from hexadecimal location following the @, and delimited by a colon: **
	~	- packet is stream enciphered, all bytes proceeding the '~' are encyphered

Note *: the "#" command simply allows us to arbitrarily tag a packet such that the reply is tagged identically.
Example:

	#423;?
	#423;?MyDeviceID;
	
The tag should be ASCII or UTF8, and it should not contain a semicolon, quote, nor NULL character.
Note: Tags are automatically applied to file transfer replies if the tag command is contained in the requesting packet
even though there are separate packets preceding the remaining commands.  The tag is cloned for each transfer packet

Note **: the "@" command must not precede any other command in the packet, since the data could be binary
Example: if we want to get the data from location 45:

	@45:
	@45:data here, without termination
	
Note: the chunk position is automatically inserted into file transfer replies using the helper functions
SendUDPSmallFile(); and SendUDPFileChunk();
There is also the helper function to receive the chunked buffer

Clearing settings:
------------------
Text based settings can be cleared by setting the value to a NULL string, "".  For example:

	?"";		// clears the Device ID (if this is allowed)

This is necessary as omitting the parameter is interpreted as requesting the value..
	
	?;			// request the value
	?MyID;		// reply with the value, and / or set the value
	?"";		// clear the value

Enumeration:
------------
The value of '?' following a command should request the specification of possible values.
This should not be confused with the '?' command which is a command (by itself) to request ID.
If the enumeration is a numeric value, then there will be a numeric restriction in the form using
<	>	>=	<=	=		// either of these
For example, if we can set a thermostat setting between 15 and 35 degrees, and the command is T:

	T?;				// request the range
	T?>=15<=35;		// the range is >=15 and <=35
	
The equal sign signifies that the value is a numeric value with no restriction
If the value is a selection, then the selectable items are listed, separated by tabs

	L?;				// request language enumeration
	L?English	French		Spanish;
	
Note that if selections are too large to fit in a single packet, then we should use the file
transfer method to communicate a larger string.  The use of tabs is not required, but the
delimiter should be established per the custom requirements of the command.  Tabs might be
preferred to keep things standardized as tabs are less likely to appear in individual
values.

As such, a summary of the mnemonic character(s) following the command mnemonic:

	value;						- set to value, can be numeric or text
	;							- (no value) request the current setting value
	"";							- clear the value, or set to none, or unset, or NULL
	?;							- request enumeration
	?value1		value2...;		- reply with text enumeration
	?<exp>;						- reply with numeric restrictions in the form of expressions.
	
Extending the length of a message beyond the packet boundary:
-------------------------------------------------------------
In some cases, the length of the message may exceed the MTU.  In this case, we use the @: function
The data will be prefixed with the @<location>:
in this case our request for the next packet will indicate the offset using the '@' expression:

	L?@45;	// the @45 indicates that we would like to see the response starting at location 45.
	
This is also the primary method for sending files.  There are helper function to assist in sending
buffers, which can be used for transferring small files.  Larger files should interact with the
file system to avoid excessive memory consumption.

Binary packet payload:
----------------------
Becaase we want to bypass packet formatting rules etc. when sending binary data, we can utilize the 
ProcessUDPRaw(); function which doesn't apply any command delimiting, nor NULL character decoding.
This function passes the packet data as a memory array, and length is passed seperately instead of
relying on NULL termination.  The reply packet must pass it's valid length as well.  If we are lazy
and / or would like to keep the commands together, we can override the regular ProcessUDPCommand()
function by returning the length of the binary reply and ensure there is no other command in the
requesting packet.  This is dangerous though as any further commands in the requsting packet will
cause their replies be appended to the end of the packet, even with the corrupted delimiter due to
the binary nature of the data.

Quoting:
--------
If we would like to send an arbitrary string (optionally including semicolons or quotes) data, we may
enclose the string in quotes. This also works with quotes within the quoted string.  For example if
we would like to set the Device ID to:

	I'm "Me"
	
We would issue:

	?"I'm "Me"";		// note the double quotes due to the end character of the string being a quote itself
	
We need to use this method when the parameter value includes either quotes, semicolons, or both.
The parser treats the first double quote as the opening quote, and the closing quote from the byte pair
of the double quote character followed by the semicolon.  Any second quote (or additional quotes) aren't
treated as closing quotes unless proceeded with a semicolon.



